## Features

- **Get User Endpoint**: Returns mock user data.
- **Get User Posts Endpoint**: Returns mock post data related to the user.
- **API Testing**: The API includes tests to verify the correctness of the endpoints.
- **Docker Support**: The API is containerized using Docker for easy deployment.

---

## Requirements

- **Docker**: For containerization.
- **PHP 7.4+**: Required for Slim Framework.
- **Composer**: For dependency management.
- **WSL 2**: Required for Windows users running the project in a Linux environment.
---

## Installation
### 1. Clone the repository
First, clone the repository to your local machine:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/KarlStruv/php-api.git
```
### 2. Install dependencies
Make sure you have Composer installed on your machine.
Once Composer is installed, to install the required PHP dependencies, run:
```bash
composer install
```

### 3. Set up Docker
Make sure Docker is installed on your system.
Once Docker is installed, build Docker container and start the application with:
```bash
docker-compose up --build
```
### 4. Access the API

Once the containers are up and running, you can access the API with the following:

#### 1. System Access
- **Base URL**: `http://localhost:8000`
- **Note**: The root of the application has no functionality. Only the below-listed endpoints are functional.

#### 2. Get User endpoint
- **Endpoint**: `/user`
- **Method**: `GET`
- **Response**: A mock users name that is generated by FakerPHP library.

#### 3. Get User Post endpoint
- **Endpoint**: `/user/{id}/post`
- **Method**: `GET`
- **Response**: A mock users post that is generated by FakerPHP library.
- **Note**: The **{id}** route parameter is not tied to any users(any number can be inserted for the same result)
